The following is a website I have created using a template from Templated.co and have turned it into a sort of showcasing/diary of
the people I love and care about in my life and how I feel about them. There are 3 pages to this website:
a homepage with a preview of the people I care about, the full gallery page, and a page documenting why I created this project and
a litte bit about me. A sort of readme.md for the website itself.  I have been missing home a lot and I figure I might has well create this to make a normal class assignment into a passion project. With classwork becoming overwhelming and most of my classes being a cycle of exams, papers, and assignments, I wanted to put some sort of emotion into this one. I also wanted to create something that I could be proud and happy to show my loved ones, since showing them a Biochemistry exam is not nearly as cool as this. Overall, coding has been not really my cup of tea, but being able to see the final product like this has made me super proud. It is not perfect, and it could be better, but I am still happy with it. I know nothing about coding. This has been an challenging yet interesting project for me. I have always been in awe of how website designers and video game creators create their content. Of course this is only the bare bones of all of that work and expertise, and what I have done barely scratches the surface of what those teams of experts do, but it has been nice to dip my toes in and nearly drown in learning all of this language. Maybe one day down the line, I can learn even more. But for now, I think I will stick with anatomy and physiology lab. 
